The Son of Heaven must not
Please kill him immediately
Rest assured that the death penalty is forgiven
Living sin
Well, as long as you can spare his life
I promise.
And I want him to kneel down for me now
kowtow and apologize
Ask me to kneel
Do you match, haha Yang Fan?
You dare to be stubborn when you are about to die, I am afraid that I will kneel down
He can't stand it.
It seems that you don't want to cherish this opportunity.
Then I will fulfill you
Let you die and I kneel for him
Don't ask him
If he doesn't want to be the emperor
I won't lend you someone
Pardon me?
Do you know what you're talking about?
As the Son of Heaven
You don't protect Kyushu
Love the people
Instead, he is addicted to beauty and covetous of all things
you
Not worthy of being the emperor of the great week
Yang Fan, stop talking
Dare to say such outrageous words
Even if the saint helps you
You must die today
Yang Fan, this is the emperor
Kyushu unrest
It's all because of your inability to marry
Great Zhou, it's a disaster to have a emperor like you
It's over now.
No one can protect him anymore. If he wants to die, I will die with him.
that year
I will connect Jiuding with the lifeblood of your Zhou family
Today, the nine clans destroyed the nine tripods
It is equivalent to breaking the life of your Zhou family
It's providence.
It's time for a new dynasty